Team Squared

Team Members: 
Bryle Castro, Hansol You, Julian Leung, Karanbir Bains

UI Screenshots:
![ui0](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18273959/40735747-d4387e22-63f0-11e8-9aae-14f2a2f747f6.png)
![ui1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18273959/40735768-e08395f4-63f0-11e8-95e0-7e4310a5f27e.png)
![ui2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18273959/40735775-e616310c-63f0-11e8-92ba-11d2d3771b68.png)

UI Improvements:
Several improvements have been made to the user interface since milestone 5 in order to increase the
usability of our web-based application. One of the improvements that the team deemed necessary is the
inclusion of a home/back button built directly into the page itself, located in the title bar. This
allows the user to travel back to the home page of our website regardless of where they are in the 
application. Another improvement that was included in this milestone was the updated functionality of 
the search bar located on the home page. Before, the search bar was only usable through clicking the
search button after entering in a location as in put. However, the search bar can now be used via the
enter key on a user's keyboard. This brings expected functionality to the user. Another visual 
improvement that was added throughout the application is the inclusion of the application's name located
in the title bar of the website. The title bar has also been added to each individual trail page in 
order to update uniformity throughout the website. Several visual updates have been included into the
main search feature. Before, the trails would be displayed with information in a vertical orientation.
However, trails now display information in a horizontal orientation. This allows the application to 
save visual space. Pictures are now located on the far left, with the title and summary in the middle,
and the difficulty and user rating in the far right.

Data Visualization Screenshots:
![ui1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18273959/40735768-e08395f4-63f0-11e8-95e0-7e4310a5f27e.png)
![ui3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18273959/40735786-f187ab6a-63f0-11e8-9fcf-d05e7c51d1d6.png)

Data Visualization Explanation:
Our web-based application allows the user to visualize data from the home page. This is done via user 
input in the search bar provided. Once the user enters a valid location (provided by Google Maps), the 
application will then look up the location in the hiking trail API and provide the user with a list of 
valid trails in the surrounding area. All trails will immediately be displayed for the user to see. 
Several pieces of information will be shown to the user in regards to each trail. These include the name
of the trail, a summary of the trail experience, a difficulty rating, and the average user review. 
